When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Staff will name letters from the your name or a familiar word.
You point first, then presses.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Use simple words such as cat, bus and tea.
After each word, press Space before the next word.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type the word: cat.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Practise holding Shift and pressing one letter.
Keep this calm; it is a stretch task.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.